Research problem 5: Extracting a distinct and
portable “signature” of a subject from the data gener-
ated by the built-in sensors present in smartphones and
wearable devices.

-- Bello e fattibile ... noi abbiamo già lavorato su gait catturato da accelerometro e handwriting usando lo smartphone nell'aria --

We want extract a distinct and portable signature of a specified subject --> We can obtain this signature by means of data generated by built-in sensors prensent in smartphones and wearable devices
It seems too very similar of the accelerometor's work (capture an unique characteristics, in practical)


Research problem 7: Developing computationally
simple methods for active user authentication in
resource-constrained wearable devices that have limited
battery power.

-- Bello e fattibile --

We sant develop simple methods to authenticate user in wearable devides with limited battery power
We must find all possible authentication ways, find the battery chaper method and try to reduce more it for energy consuming


Research problem 8: Developing anti-spoofing meth-
ods that can generalize well across different types of at-
tacks, sensors, environments, demographic groups and
datasets.

-- Bello e c'è stato un tesista che ci ha provato con una deep network utilizzando un approccio di anomaly detection qualunque fosse il tipo di attacco. --

We want develop methods for anti-spoofing that they work with different attacks, with different sensors, with different environments, with different demographic groups and with different datasets
So we have to see thesist's paper and we can try to upgrade it and we can try to find something on web that it works everywhere


Research problem 9: Designing presentation attack
detectors for resource-constrained IoT devices such as
smartphones and wearable devices.

-- Bello e c'è stato un tesista che ci ha provato con una deep network utilizzando un approccio di anomaly detection qualunque fosse il tipo di attacco. --

We want design a possible system to detect attacks for IOT devices with limited resources (devices with limited resources are like as smartphones, wearable devices and so on)
So the goal is to read papers and find a possible system that it can detect some types of attacks (we must know and enumerate them) for a restricted types of devices, in few words


Research problem 11: Developing methods for en-
hancing poor quality data such that the biometric con-
tent is not unduly perturbed.

-- Bello, computer vision e signal processing. --

We want develop some methods to enhancing data that they are poor quality, in practical (it's possible that biometric data was perturbated for some reasons)
We must find the reasons of why a signal can become perturbated and which general and, mainly, biometric methods we have to enhance most possible the quality


Research problem 12: Designing robust feature ex-
traction and matching algorithms that can successfully
operate on poor quality data.

-- Idem ... ma occorre limitare il campo. --

We want build a (so only one??) feature with some algorithms that they can extract and match successfully how operate on very poor quality data taken
This is too much complicated, it seems --> Because it's a very general thing to operate on it


Research problem 13: Computing the evidential
value of poor quality biometric data, especially in foren-
sic applications.

-- Bello --

We want compute the evidential (what is it??) value of poor quality biometric data --> Especially for forensic applications


Research problem 14: Designing algorithms for de-
tecting DeepFakes as well as maliciously modified im-
ages/videos of a person.

-- Grande! Ma può essere complicato proprio in base a come funzionano le GAN che sono spesso usate a questo scopo. --

We want design algorithms that they detect DeepFakes as weel as ("così come") malicious persons reach to modify images/videos of a person
So we want know well what we intend for "DeepFakes" and it's important know the methods on why malicious persons can modify images/videos --> After we can study ways to limitate these problems


Research problem 17: Developing methods for estab-
lishing the degree of correlation, at the biological level,
between two or more biometric traits.

-- Bello ... --

We want develop one or more methods for establishing the degree of correlation between two or more biometric traits, at biological level
So it's important study all biometric traits, mainly in biological terms, and after try to find a correrlation between them (shapes or other things) --> But in informatic way nothing is present?


Research problem 25: Designing methods to deduce
soft biometric information from poor quality biometric
data.

-- Semplice? Molti studi prendono in considerazione gender, age ed ethnicity --

We have poor quality biometric data and we must try to know (to deduce) soft biometric information, such as genere, age, ethnicity and so on
we must find all soft biometric possible informations and we must try to build methods (also known) that they rebuild some soft biometric informations (too easy?? I don't think)


Research problem 28: Designing methods for im-
parting controllable and quantifiable soft-biometric pri-
vacy to biometric data without compromising recogni-
tion accuracy.

-- E' il problema della de-identification. Ci sono lavori in giro ed è interessante. --

I can't understand nothing
